README.md, before:

Please follow the installation and configuration steps  

git config --global http.sslVerify false ( in case of server ssl cert verification error)  

git clone <your project>      

e.g.   git clone  git@github.com:microservice-tsp-billing/tokenleader.git  

cd tokenleader    

virtualenv -p python3 venv  

source venv/bin/activate  

pip install --upgrade pip  

pip install -r requirement.txt ( pycrypto failed)    

ssh-keygen < press enter to select all defaults>    

python -m unittest discover tests    

to run single unit test  
python -m unittest tests.test_admin_ops.TestAdminOps.test_abort_delete_admin_user_input_not_yes  

register an admin user   
 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -a  
 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -a  -u admin -e admin@itc.in -p admin  
 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -h to get help  




export FLASK_APP='app_run.py'  

flask run -p 5001  

ensure  the port  of the server is open from security group  


To generate token :  

curl -X POST -d '{"username": "admin", "password": "admin"}'  \
-H "Content-Type: Application/json"  localhost:5001/token/gettoken

To verify token:  
 curl -H  "X-Auth-Token:<paste toekn here>"  localhost:5001/token/verify_token  


for db migration   

flask db init   
flask db migrate -m < COMMENT >  
flask db upgrde   

if there is a change in db structure, and a migration is done , commit and push the migration directory to the git  
from the  machine where migration was done.  

For  development machine with sqllite db , there are chalenges in migration due to lil8mitiaton of database
alter capabilities inherent to sqllite. So sometimes , delelting the migration folder and and  recreating a   
fresh migartion helped.

to test the db operation  :  

(venv) bhujay@DESKTOP-DTA1VEB:/mnt/c/mydev/microservice-tsp-billing/tokenleader$ flask shell

from app1 import db  
from app1.authentication.models import User, Role  
r1 = Role(rolename='role1')  
db.session.add(r1)  
db.session.commit()  

u = User(username='john', email='john@example.com')  
db.session.add(u)  
db.session.commit()  
u = User.query.filter_by(username='john').first()  
u
#<User john>  
u.roles  
#<sqlalchemy.orm.dynamic.AppenderBaseQuery object at 0x7fb94faa2e48>  
u.roles=[r1]  
db.session.commit()  
u.roles  
#<sqlalchemy.orm.dynamic.AppenderBaseQuery object at 0x7fb94fa8bf98>  
for l in u.roles:  
    print(l.rolename)  

#role1

Commit message:

toekn is now returning roles as list, users role assignement is through comma sep string

README.md, after:

Please follow the installation and configuration steps  

git config --global http.sslVerify false ( in case of server ssl cert verification error)  

git clone <your project>      

e.g.   git clone  git@github.com:microservice-tsp-billing/tokenleader.git  

cd tokenleader    

virtualenv -p python3 venv  

source venv/bin/activate  

pip install --upgrade pip  

pip install -r requirement.txt ( pycrypto failed)    

ssh-keygen < press enter to select all defaults>    

python -m unittest discover tests    

to run single unit test  
python -m unittest tests.test_admin_ops.TestAdminOps.test_abort_delete_admin_user_input_not_yes  

for token generation and verification  testing this is a useful test  
python -m unittest tests.test_auth.TestToken.test_token_gen_n_verify_success_for_registered_user_with_role   

register a role from the root directory of  tokenleader
========================================

./tokenadmin.sh addrole -n role1  
./tokenadmin.sh addrole -n role2  
./tokenadmin.sh addrole -n admin  

 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -h to get help  


register an  user 
=====================
./tokenadmin.sh add  -u user10 -e user10@itc.in -p user10 -r role1,role2    

 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -a  -u admin -e admin@itc.in -p admin   -r admin  
 
  ./tokenadmin.sh list  -a    
 ./tokenadmin.sh list  -h to get help  




export FLASK_APP='app_run.py'  

flask run -p 5001  

ensure  the port  of the server is open from security group  


To generate token :  

curl -X POST -d '{"username": "admin", "password": "admin"}'  \
-H "Content-Type: Application/json"  localhost:5001/token/gettoken

To verify token:  
 curl -H  "X-Auth-Token:<paste toekn here>"  localhost:5001/token/verify_token  


for db migration   

flask db init   
flask db migrate -m < COMMENT >  
flask db upgrde   

if there is a change in db structure, and a migration is done , commit and push the migration directory to the git  
from the  machine where migration was done.  

For  development machine with sqllite db , there are chalenges in migration due to lil8mitiaton of database
alter capabilities inherent to sqllite. So sometimes , delelting the migration folder and and  recreating a   
fresh migartion helped.

to test the db operation  :  

(venv) bhujay@DESKTOP-DTA1VEB:/mnt/c/mydev/microservice-tsp-billing/tokenleader$ flask shell

from app1 import db  
from app1.authentication.models import User, Role  
r1 = Role(rolename='role1')  
db.session.add(r1)  
db.session.commit()  

u = User(username='john', email='john@example.com')  
db.session.add(u)  
db.session.commit()  
u = User.query.filter_by(username='john').first()  
u
#<User john>  
u.roles  
#<sqlalchemy.orm.dynamic.AppenderBaseQuery object at 0x7fb94faa2e48>  
u.roles=[r1]  
db.session.commit()  
u.roles  
#<sqlalchemy.orm.dynamic.AppenderBaseQuery object at 0x7fb94fa8bf98>  
for l in u.roles:  
    print(l.rolename)  

#role1
